---

copyright:
  years: 2017, 2019
lastupdated: "2019-09-16"

keywords: centralized security, security management, alerts, security risk, insights, threat detection

subcollection: security-advisor

---

{:new_window: target="_blank"}
{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:screen: .screen}
{:pre: .pre}
{:table: .aria-labeledby="caption"}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:tip: .tip}
{:note: .note}
{:important: .important}
{:deprecated: .deprecated}
{:download: .download}


# Setting up Config Advisor
{: #config-setup-tutorial}
IBM Cloud Config Advisor allows you to perform an assessment of the configuration of your IBM account cloud resources 
according to security and compliance policies and best practices.  
IBM Cloud config Advisor will pull the configuration of various cloud resources and inspect it according to a predefined 
policy. The violations can be found in the {{site.data.keyword.security-advisor_long}} dashboard.
{: shortdesc}

Note: The configuration data being assessed will not leave the local machine which runs the assessment. The created 
violations that are sent to {{site.data.keyword.security-advisor_short}} will not include any personal or private data.
{: note}

In this tutorial you will learn how to download the IBM Cloud Config Advisor, run it, and check for configuration
 issues in your IBM Cloud account.

## Prerequisites
{: #prereq}
To run the IBM Cloud Config Advisor you will need the following:
- A Service ID with an API key configured ([learn more on setting up Service IDs](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/iam?topic=iam-serviceidapikeys))
- A stable version of Docker installed ([get docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop))


The Service ID created must have these minimal required policies assigned:
- Manager role on all `Security Advisor` resources
- Reader role on all `Cloud Object Storage` (COS)
- Viewer role on `IAM identity service`, `IAM Access Groups Service` and `User Management` (or `All Account Management Services`)
- Reader role on all `Cloud Internet Services` (CIS) resources
- Reader roles on all `Kubernetes Service` resources


## Let's begin
{: #lets-begin}
To run the IBM Cloud Config Advisor all you need is to run the following command:
```
docker run icr.io/ibm/config-advisor:latest -k <APIKEY> <command> [options]
```

You can use specific versions of Config Advisor by using specific tags. You can find the tags by
 calling `ibmcloud cr image-list --include-ibm --restrict ibm/config-advisor`.
{: tip}

After running the above command you can go to your [IBM Cloud Security Advisor dashboard](https://cloud.ibm.com/security/dashboard) and see the newly created cards and configuration issues.
The command will create findings that will be displayed under 3 cards:
- User Access - for all IAM related configuration issues.
- Edge Protection - for network and workload protection.
- Object Storage - for all COS configuration issues.  

More information on the configuration issues generated by Config Advisor and their risk can be found [here](/docs/services/security-advisor?topic=config-advisor-findings)

#### Commands:
- **all** - will perform an assessment of your account. 
- **calico** - will perform an assessment of your IKS clusters calico configuration. 
- **cis** - will perform an assessment of the configuration of your Internet Services instances.
- **cos** - will perform an assessment of your Object Storage configuration.
- **iam** - will perform an assessment of your IAM configuration.
